c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Jint.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Log.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Neuro.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.VA.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.WordNet.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Jint.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Log.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.VA.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.WordNet.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Tony\Documents\GitHub\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\cleanActiAID\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\GitHub\capestone\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\ActivAID_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\LoginMngr.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\SystemController.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Debug\ActivATE.exe
